# My Campus
#### URL: https://mycampus.onrender.com/login
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/9kvXA07JZc4
#### Description: An all-in-one app that manages a student's classes, grades, and homework.
#### Getting Started
The user first registers for MyCampus by creating an account with a username and password, which they will use to sign into their account.
#### **My Campus(Homepage)**
The homepage provides a quick overview of each of the user's classes, the name of each class, the grades they have in each class(which can be viewed by hovering over the grades column), and the number of assignments they have to do for that class. Clicking on the cell of the table overview will bring them to the respective subpage(Classes, Homework, or Grades)
#### **My Classes**
The "Classes" page provides a more in-depth view of the user's classes. The main table is sorted by period, and displays the period of the class, the name of the class, the teacher of the class, the location of the class, and optionally (if the user chooses to add) the teacher's email for that class. This page allows the user to add additional classes, edit information (mentioned above) on existing classes, or delete existing classes. Additionally, users also have the option to delete all of their classes (which cannot be undone). This web-app is built upon the user's classes, so they won't be able to add grades or homework assignments without first making a class.
#### **My Grades**
The "Grades" page provides the user with a view grade for the grades in each of their existing classes.This page as also gives the ability to add, edit, or delete grades for each class. When adding an assignment, the user clicks on the grade of the class they're trying to add a grade to, and when adding a grade, they simpy enter the name of the grade, how points they earned, and how many points they could've earned (total points). When editing a grade, the user first clicks on the overall grade of the class, then the name of the grade that they're trying to edit. To delete a class, the user can follow the same steps to editing a class, however, instead of editing the grade, they can click on the delete button. A total-points grading system is used where the final grade is calculated by dividing the total points you earned in the class by the total points you could've earned in the class. Grades are individually added to each class, and the main table shows the overall grade of the classes.
#### **My Homework**
The "Homework" page allows the user to view assignments for each of their existing classes, and mark them as done when they are complete. An assignment includes the name of the assignment, when the assignment is due, as well as additional notes that the user wants to leave on the assignment. The user also has the ability to add and edit each assignment. Assignments for each class are displayed using an accordian, with each accordian item including a table showing the homework assignments for the class, sorted by due dates (closest first). Next to each assignments is a "Done" button which allows the user to mark it as complete, removing it from the table.